# Secret-Share

Secret Share is a simple and small web application that offers a secure and ephemeral way for users to share sensitive information. Employing robust encryption, it ensures shared secrets are shielded against interception and unauthorized access. Links generated by Secret Share are designed for one-time use, self-destructing post-access, thereby ensuring the information remains confidential and accessible only to intended recipients.

## Key Features

- **End-to-End Encryption:** Secrets are encrypted server-side using AES-256 before storage, ensuring utmost data security.
- **Single-Use Links:** Each shared secret link is intended to expire after one use, removing the risk of subsequent access by unauthorized parties.
- **Customizable Expiration:** Senders can set an expiration time for the secret link, adding an extra layer of control over the information lifespan.
- **Secure Key Exchange:** The system generates a decryption key file, which is downloadable once, ensuring the key is not intercepted during transmission.
- **User-Friendly Interface:** Designed with simplicity in mind, users can share their secrets in just a few clicks without the need for technical knowledge of the underlying encryption methods.
- **Containerized Deployment:** Packaged with Docker, Secret Share can be effortlessly deployed on any server, streamlining the setup process and ensuring a consistent environment across different platforms.

## How to Set Up

1. **Download from GitHub to your server:**
    
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/Zeekyy/Secret-Share.git
    
    ```
    
2. **Allow port 443 on your Firewall.**
3. **Add your HTTPS certificate to the `certs` folder:** Sample command for generating certificates under Linux:
    
    ```
    sudo certbot certonly --standalone -d website.name
    
    ```
    
4. **Edit `docker-compose.yml`.**
5. **Edit `data.php` and `get.php`.**
6. **Run Docker Compose:**
    
    ```
    docker-compose up -d --build
    
    ```
    
7. **Access the MySQL container:**
    
    ```
    docker exec -it <mysql_container_name> mysql -u<db_username> -p
    
    ```
    
8. **Set up the database:**
    
    ```
    USE <your_db_name>;
    CREATE TABLE secrets (
        id INT AUTO_INCREMENT PRIMARY KEY,
        secret TEXT NOT NULL,
        token VARCHAR(64) NOT NULL,
        expire_at DATETIME NOT NULL,
        iv VARBINARY(128)
    );
    
    ```
    
9. **Run Docker Compose again:**
    
    ```
    docker-compose up -d --build
    
    ```
    

## Additional Information

On Linux, ensure that the `decryption_keys` folder has the correct permissions by adding `www-data` as the owner.
